.TH OBSIDIAN 1 "1.0" "General Commands Manual"
.SH NAME 
obsidian \- a compiled, memory-safe programming language
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B obsidian
[\fI-h\fR] [\fI--help\fR] [\fI--version\fR] [\fI-S\fR] [\fI-c\fR] [\fI-o\fR] [\fI-save-temps\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Obsidian
is a compiled, memory-safe programming language that combines remarkable power with very clear syntax. For an introduction to programming in Obsidian, see the Obsidian Tutorial. The Obsidian Library Reference documents built-in and standard types, constants, functions and modules. Finally, the Obsidian Reference Manual describes the syntax and semantics of the core language in (perhaps too) much detail. (These documents may be located via the 
.B INTERNET RESOURCES 
below; they may be installed on your system as well.)

Obsidian's can be extended with your own libraries written in C. On most systems such modules may be dynamically loaded.

Documentation for installed Obsidian packages can be viewed by running the 
.B obdoc 
program.
.SH COMMAND LINE OPTIONS
.B -h, -?, --help,
    Prints the usage for the compiler executable and exits.

.B -v, --version, 
    Prints the Obsidian version number of the executable and exits. When given twice, prints more infomation about the build.

.B -save-temps,
    Do not delete intermediate files.

.B -S, --compile-only,
    Compile only; do not assemble or link.

.B -c, --compile-assemble,
    Compile and assemble, but do not link.

.B -o, --output= 
.I file
    Place the output into 
.I file

.SH INTERNET RESOURCES
    Main website: https://obsidian.cc/
    Documentation: https://docs.obsidian.cc/
    Downloads: https://obsidian.cc/download/

.SH LICENSING
Obsidian is distributed under an Open Source license. See the file "LICENSE" in 
the Obsidian source distribution for information on terms & conditions for accessing and otherwise using Python and for a DISCLAIMER OF ALL WARRANTIES.